the people that have influenced me the most. Generally, my peers, I've
had some really good superior mentors. But there are two individuals
specifically that I worked with is a department head that I gained
valuable insights from. I think you will find that your peers give
you the greatest insights on to you and how you should lead, because
you get to observe how they're going to do it, and then you can. If
you're willing and humble enough, you can implement their techniques
into yours. And if those were good, you can just become what you could
be a much better leader than you might already be. Three important
thing about that is to be humble and observe and listen and realize
that you don't have all the answers on the people around you, even
if they're your peers. And even if their subordinates can show you
how to lead people in the military